Subjective	works great, much better than whatsapp.
Objective	however i keep getting notifications saying that i have unread messages from several contacts, but that's not true.
Objective	i check my messages when the notifications for an individual message comes and 12 3 4 there's not any i can find that i missed.
Objective	also, if i dismiss the notification, it will sometimes just return a couple minutes late.
Subjective	really annoyed as i just transferred my line between devices.
Objective	at no point was i asked if i wanted to beack up chats before confirming the transfer.
Objective	so i didn't.
Objective	i didnt know it was necessary since my pc version of line has all my chats.
Subjective	it really sucks that there is no way to back up line chats from pc.
Subjective	pictures sent and received are low quality, despite the quality setting being "high".
Objective	also, taking and sending a picture directly in a chat are saved automatically.
Neutral	i'd like to see an option to disable this function.
Subjective	great app!
Subjective	however, i recently got the new update, so the news page (line today) is new to me.
Subjective	it's a bit annoying that when i open the app, the news page is the first thing i see instead of my chats.. hope that can change in a new update.
Subjective	with s10+ i can't properly type since the app windows doesn't shift up to the upper part of the screen.
Objective	you cant see what you typed.
Objective	cant paste since the ui does not shift up as well :( pls fix
Subjective	pretty decent app aside from some issues such as: size of the app, notifications/app dying in background sometimes, and no group admin feature.
Objective	i've had 0 connection issues, and notifications (the one's which i haven't muted) come through fine if the process isn't dead.
Subjective	i'm a sucker for sticker pack...
Objective	when you log into another device you lose all information and messages.
Subjective	get with the time and make it so that line can be used on more than 1 device for same account.
Objective	i freaking lost everything which caused me to get kicked out of a game.
Neutral	thanks line creators thanks for that.
Subjective	after the latest update, the app runs so slow.
Objective	it lags everytime i scroll the messages.
Neutral	please, fix this asap.
Objective	my device is samsung galaxy a5 2016
Neutral	please give proxy feature at line for android & ios like line for pc.
Objective	your competitor, viber has proxy feature at network setting.
Objective	i need proxy setting when my android or ios connected over wifi to my office connection.
Objective	after i updated my google chrome, i can not see any pictures in line today.
Subjective	line need to update its app, otherwise will left behind
Objective	please let us send original videos!!
Objective	when i send a 4k or 1080p video and play it back, it looks so compressed and blurry in the app.
Subjective	unacceptable!
Subjective	actually i like this application, they have application for pc also but it hard when i don't want to have this app in my phone but keeps app for pc.
Objective	because we always have to keep it connect.
Subjective	i hope they make it more simpler, so i don't need to re login.
Subjective	but ok la ya
Objective	can't chat in the line square.
Objective	and can't join the square.
Neutral	please help the problem
Objective	stop notifying me about muted chats.
Objective	also crashes when trying to open album page for chats.
Objective	this app has been needing updates and fixes for a while, and wechat is only getting better and better every day.
Subjective	after looking at other reviews, it's clear the app is dead with zero or just an apathetic development team.
Subjective	what a shame.
Subjective	pictures sent and received are low quality, despite the quality setting being "high".
Objective	also, taking and sending a picture directly in a chat are saved automatically.
Neutral	i'd like to see an option to disable this function.
Subjective	galaxy note 9 this app is by far the greatest way to communicate with your friends from around the world, completely for free!
Subjective	if you play any app or game with someone from another country then this is the best way to organize team meetings, game-start times or even just some simple trash-talking!!
Objective	you can send pictures that you've taken with your camera, you can create a group chat room with approximately 200 other people.
Objective	
Subjective	so much more to say but no space.
Neutral	samurai siege.
Neutral	coc.
Neutral	castle clash.
Subjective	testing it for couple days and it seems ok, not the best though (some people wouldn't install the top 1-2 apps we're using here), it's slow to open and work with, seems bloated, cumbersome to operate by my mother, especially the long series of taping to get to real call option from recent chats screen (just needs two direct separate buttons there - call and video call).
Subjective	uses too much "disk" space.
Subjective	still better than many others.
Subjective	delay notification and massage.
Objective	it only happens with receiver that i frequently have conversation with.
Neutral	how can i fix this problem?
Subjective	it's really annoying.
Subjective	the latest update is worst.
Subjective	the picture who sent by me or my friends is blurry.
Neutral	can u fix it back to the old one pls?
Subjective	its really annoying
Subjective	after updating, i found a bug when i send photo or video, the photo resolution will be dropped even i send the original photoes.
Neutral	pls fix it as fast as possible.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
